well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about joe
biden we're going to talk about joe
biden the trump campaign the trump
campaign's current strategy what they
hope to achieve by deploying this
strategy and why they are deploying this
strategy so late in the game
and after all that we're going to talk
about why it doesn't matter
it certainly appears that the trump
campaign's current strategy
is to release information
about biden every other day until the
election
in the hopes of creating a parallel
making people draw
an equivalency they have identified the
fact that many americans are tired of
the constant drama that accompanies
a trump administration they want to
create the image
that a biden administration will be the
same way by doing that they hope to
decrease voter enthusiasm around
biden that appears to be the strategy
why are they deploying it this late in
the game
my read on it is that the information is
not really uh reliable that it creates a
false narrative it is something that
is going to be easily debunked the
problem is it's so close to the election
will it be debunked in time if this was
something that was verifiable and
credible
they would have released it before early
voting starting
but they didn't they're waiting till now
because it appears as though they're
just targeting
those emotional voters who happen to be
voting
on uh election day
they want to decrease their turnout
suppress the vote
undermine democracy and all that that's
how it appears
and they don't want it debunked before
it happens
i'll be honest i am personally
really really tired of debunking trump's
lies
after years of doing it so today i want
to go in a different direction
today i want to try something new
it's all true everything the trump
administration the trump campaign has
alleged or will allege
about joe biden is true all of it to be
clear
i haven't seen any evidence that
convinces me that any of it is true but
right now we're just going to assume
that it's all true in fact
i have emails i don't have emails
but we're going to pretend that i do and
these emails outline a conversation
between joe biden and hunter biden
because apparently hunter biden is
running for office as well
and they plan on
going into the treasury putting masks on
and taking a hundred million you know a
billion dollars
out of the treasury and putting it in
their pockets okay
assume that's true again i have no
evidence
that any of these allegations are true
however joe biden is a politician
i am like super comfortable assuming
that all politicians are corrupt that is
a generalization that has rarely let me
down in my life
so right now it's all true everything
the trump administration has alleged or
will allege
is true and there are mythical emails
showing that they plan on taking a
billion dollars
the day after they take office
okay except all of that is fact and
let's move on with the campaign
first issue joe biden takes the public
health issue seriously
trump does not because of trump's
ineffective and ruinous leadership
225 000 holes have been dug because
biden takes it seriously we can safely
assume
that by the time it's all said and done
he will have saved 225
000 people do the math
do the math on that billion dollars i
should have stuck with 100 million
because i'd already done the math on
that
um four thousand four
hundred and something dollars per life
saved
i'm okay with that if that's what it's
going to cost to get somebody in there
who's actually going to do the job
and save american lives i'm okay with
that
i think most americans would be okay
with a billion dollar price tag to save
a quarter of a million lives
the point here is that
at the end of the day it doesn't matter
there is no allegation the trump
administration the trump campaign can
make about joe biden
that is going to make him
make biden be the one who is worse for
the country
that's not going to happen if you are
pragmatic and do the math and just
assume that biden is ridiculously
corrupt to an impossible level
he's still the lesser of two evils this
isn't praise
for joe biden i've said it before he's
not my man i don't think he's going to
be a great president
i just expect him to put a tourniquet on
that's it
even with that incredibly low standard
and adding in the idea
that he is incredibly corrupt he's still
the lesser of two evils
he is still better for the country than
trump
it's not praise for biden it's showing
how
bad trump is so my suggestion is for the
rest of the election season
to just assume that everything the trump
administration says is true when it
comes to biden
it's all true and then do the math
just as a mental exercise assume it's
true
and then do the pragmatic math and when
he still ends up being the lesser of two
evils
that should show you how important it is
for trump to lose how bad trump
is for this country
it doesn't matter what what they say it
doesn't matter if it's easily
debunked it doesn't matter if you've
already seen it debunked it doesn't
matter if the evidence is flimsy or it
came from a foreign intelligence service
just believe it for a split second and
say okay this is true
and do the pragmatic math
at the end of the day i am willing to
bet that joe biden
will always be the lesser of two evils
i am sick and tired of people
who appear to have the moral and ethical
compass
that this administration appears to have
slinging mud they don't have any room to
even if you were to up that number to 10
billion dollars
you would still sit there and be like
well at least he didn't have people
arguing in court that
children didn't need toothbrushes or
beds
there is no allegation the trump
campaign can make
that is going to make biden
be the one who who's worse for the
country
biden will always end up being the
lesser of two evils
it's not that he's that good it's that
trump is that bad
so it's a mental exercise to run through
your mind
and when you realize that it doesn't
matter what allegations are made
that biden still ends up being the
lesser of two evils
if anything that should show you how
important it is for trump to lose and it
should increase
voter enthusiasm
because trump is that bad he is
that bad there's no amount of
mudslinging coming from his
his campaign that is going to alter how
bad
he is i honestly
i can't think of many allegations
that would alter that that equation
biden will always be the lesser of two
evils biden will always be better for
the country
not because he's good but because
trump's that bad
and when you have somebody that bad it
doesn't matter who replaces them
you just want to stop the damage being
done
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day